Engage Non-Player Character (+50XP) The adventurer can engage with a non-player character (NPC) in the adventurer's current room. When the adventurer enters a room with an NPC in it, the program will print "There is a 'NPC type' here named 'NPC name'". The adventurer can engage with the NPC by typing "engage 'NPC name', and the program will print the engage menu with the options to engage with the NPC.
	If the NPC is a Friendly, then the engage options are speak, trade, befriend, release, and disengage. The adventurer can speak with the NPC by typing 'speak', and the program will the print the speak menu with the options to speak with the NPC: hello, talk, and bye. The adventurer can get the NPC's greeting by typing 'Hello', get the NPC's dialogue by typing 'Talk', and get the NPC's salutation by typing 'Bye'. When the adventurer types 'Bye', he is out of the speak menu but still in the engage menu. The adventurer can trade with the NPC by typing 'trade', and the program will print the adventurer's inventory and the NPC's inventory. The adventurer types "swap 'adventurer's item' 'NPC's item' to swap an item in his inventory for an item in the NPC's inventory. If the value of the NPC's item is 10 units greater than the value of the adventurer's item, then he cannot trade these items. If this is not the case, then the adventurer and the NPC have swapped items and the adventurer is now in the engage menu. The adventurer can make the NPC his companion by typing 'befriend' and the companion will follow the adventurer wherever he goes. The adventurer can stop the NPC from being his companion by typing 'release' and the NPC will stay in the adventurer's current room. The adventurer can leave the NPC by typing 'disengage', and he is now out of the engage menu.
	If the NPC is a Companion, then the adventurer can type 'engage companion', and the program will print the engage menu with the options to engage with the companion. The engage options are speak, trade, release, disengage, stay, follow, and attack another NPC. The adventurer can make the companion stay in the current room by typing 'stay'. The adventurer can make the companion follow him by typing 'follow'. The adventurer can make the companion attack a Thief or a Monster by typing "attack 'NPC name'" and the program will determine the winner by the levels of the NPCs.
	If the NPC is a Thief or a Monster, then the engage options are speak, attack, and disengage. When the adventurer engages with a Thief, then the Thief steals a random item from the adventurer's inventory and disappears to a random room in the dungeon.

Engage Combat (revised up to 50XP) The adventurer can attack a Thief or Monster by typing 'attack' in the engage menu. The adventurer will decide what weapon to attack with if he has any weapons. The adventurer will attack with his fists if he does not have a weapon. The program will determine who is the winner by the damage value of the weapons the adventurer and the NPC are using. If the adventurer wins, then the NPC drops all of his items into the current room and the NPC disappears from the dungeon. If the NPC wins, then the adventurer dies and the program quits. We are asking for 20 more points because we didn't orginally have the ability for a companion to attack for the adventurer.

Replenish Hunger (10XP) The adventurer's hunger will decrease with every move, so he has to eat food items to replenish his hunger or else he will die.

Weather Events (10XP) The dungeon will open a new room with every 20 moves as long as there are still hidden rooms in the dungeon.

Pause Game (10XP) The adventurer can pause the game by typing 'pause', and the program will print the pause menu with the options to leave the menu. The program prints the score, health, hunger, moves, carry weight, and inventory of the adventurer. The options to leave the menu are resume, save, and quit. The adventurer can resume the game by typing 'resume', can save and resume the game by typing 'save', and can quit the game by typing 'quit'.
